Blogging so I just upload to other Isel image to make the idea.
So we go for example this one drills this one and try to add a new tag.
So like that of course we can chose this tag all we can create a new one like that.
So for example we call it Linux then on
Linux Produkt like that.
Then we can pick up our category or we choose another category.
One example Linux choice like that on the Linux Produkt and OS then we chose the quantum leap.
Click OK.
So how does it know we can pick up the second one don't like that we click OK.
So this one have a tag of Unix.
Then we ordered another take it to the elder Isel.
Imagine a scene then this one if the we don't give it Windows.
So it's either you have a Windows sort it only shows Linux.
Then we go to this one a scene tag.
So we have windows a scene and so on and so on.
So when we use the filter right here to search for a specific word for example Linux to get on do find
that have named nukes or for example oys like that Santo's that content OS and Linux that's content
last or maybe 2012 like that you get to do Windows 2000.
Well.
If you want to use the filter we can simply use this put on re-attached show anti-Greek filter and click
on it and it show you do that the tag.
Of course you can click on this one to get to the available tag.
For example you had thousands tag you can't remember the name exactly.
You simply click on this one and check the tag available all.
If you remember the name you said please tape Linux of course it will give you a reason that is it.
Then it will show you all the eyes will emerge that have to take Linux.
They storeyed constantly locally.
If you remember this one started content locally you chose yes to show your all.
These are images that have the tag Linux and store it in the content library.
For example if you use our shared content library you can chose not to get all.
Do That's still not downloaded from shedded content library.
So this is the idea of the filter to make the search as quick as possible so like that no you have or
image of nukes.
If you want to embark on only to isolate the mass of Windows you pick this one like that and all the
windows I imagine will be available also to complete the same idea.
That's back to the content here already.
And back to the complex of VM the same writer we don't have any other firefighter but we only have Windows
7 plays.
So the same right here you can search for example for Windows 7 like that or use the filter of course
we don't have any tag right yet.
Then you chose Vanderpump plate or VM up if you remember we can create our templates for the video machine
or for the virtual up someplace you can chose that add up to all the virtual up of your table or virtual
machine to get all the virtual machine.
Also in our bomblet fight in the content library of some other option available we have to update export
and.
We have a new vitrine machine from the complete in the previous course about which we talk about how
to create a virtual machine from our complete.
So we are going to repeat this step because we already see it and it is very simple.
So this is the different information about the content delivery.
If you have information please share it in the core discussion and see you in the next section.